README.md, before:

WordPress.org Support Forums - Local development environment
========================

## Prerequisites
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [SVN](https://subversion.apache.org/)
- [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
- [Node/NPM](https://nodejs.org/)

## Setup
After cloning this repository, you will need to run the following commands:
- `composer install` - This installs any required plugins and theme assets
- `npm install` - Used to run `wp-env`, your local development environment.
- `npm run create` - This will set up the local environment, and install needed starter content.

The `wporg-support` theme has its own build steps, found in the `public_html/wp-content/themes/wporg-support` folder, and should be run from there.

### Starting the environment
After setting up your environment for the first time, you are ready to use it at `http://localhost:8888`.

For subsequent runs, you can just use `npm run wp-env start` to start the environment.

The username and password for the default user are:
- Username: `admin`
- Password: `password`

### Stopping the environment
Run `npm run wp-env stop` to stop the environment without deleting your data.

### Removing the environemnt
Run `npm run wp-env destroy` to remove the environment and all data.

Commit message:

Change how starter-content is generated.
Starter content is now a DB dump with pre-defined values for the three sites needed for the support environment to work as intended in plugin and theme scenarios as well. This replaces the previous approach to performing a lot of actions with multiple calls to the `wp-env run cli` command, which would be more time-consuming in the long run.

README.md, after:

WordPress.org Support Forums - Local development environment
========================

## Prerequisites
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [SVN](https://subversion.apache.org/)
- [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
- [Node/NPM](https://nodejs.org/)

## Setup
After cloning this repository, you will need to run the following commands:
- `composer install` - This installs any required plugins and theme assets
- `npm install` - Used to run `wp-env`, your local development environment.
- `npm run create` - This will set up the local environment, and install needed starter content.

The global header and footer for WordPress.org needs to be built separately within the environment:
- Navigate to `public_html/wpo-content/mu-plugins/wporg-mu-plugins/`.
- Run `npm install` to install the local build tools for this plugin.
- Run `npm run build` to build the global header and footer.

The support theme, `wporg-support`, has its own build steps, found in the `public_html/wp-content/themes/wporg-support` folder, and should be run from there.

### Starting the environment
After setting up your environment for the first time, you are ready to use it at `http://localhost:8888`.

For subsequent runs, you can just use `npm run wp-env start` to start the environment.

By default, a handful of different profiles are created, they will all have the password set to `password`, but you can easily log in as the administrative user, and use the bundled User Switching plugin to swap between users in testing. The available users, and their roles are as follows:
- `admin` - The network administrator of the local environment.
- `pluginauthor` - A plugin author forum account.
- `plugincontributor` - A plugin contributor forum account.
- `pluginsupport` - A plugin support representative forum account.
- `themeauthor` - A theme author forum account.
- `visitor` - A regular site visitor/user account.

### Stopping the environment
Run `npm run wp-env stop` to stop the environment without deleting your data.

### Removing the environment
Run `npm run wp-env destroy` to remove the environment and all data.
